Add doc updates (#3347)
kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller: docs/guide/service/nlb.md

See [Subnet Discovery](../../deploy/subnet_discovery.md) for details on configuring Elastic Load Balancing for public or private placement.

## Security group

>  - From v2.6.0, the AWS LBC creates and attaches frontend and backend security groups to NLB by default. For more information please check [here](../../deploy/security_groups.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - From v2.6.0, the AWS LBC creates and attaches frontend and backend security groups to NLB by default. For more information please see [the security groups documentation](../../deploy/security_groups.md).
```
